reflection.go:8:6: identifier "ComplexReflectionStruct" is only used in test files but is not part of test files
reflection.go:15:6: identifier "innerStruct" is only used in test files but is not part of test files
reflection.go:20:21: identifier "DynamicMethod" is only used in test files but is not part of test files
reflection.go:25:21: identifier "GetInnerValue" is only used in test files but is not part of test files
reflection.go:30:6: identifier "GenericReflectionHandler" is only used in test files but is not part of test files
reflection.go:37:6: identifier "ReflectionWrapper" is only used in test files but is not part of test files
reflection.go:42:21: identifier "CallMethod" is only used in test files but is not part of test files
embedding.go:4:6: identifier "BaseStruct" is only used in test files but is not part of test files
embedding.go:9:20: identifier "BaseMethod" is only used in test files but is not part of test files
embedding.go:14:6: identifier "MiddleStruct" is only used in test files but is not part of test files
embedding.go:20:22: identifier "MiddleMethod" is only used in test files but is not part of test files
embedding.go:25:6: identifier "TopStruct" is only used in test files but is not part of test files
embedding.go:30:20: identifier "TopMethod" is only used in test files but is not part of test files
embedding.go:35:6: identifier "MixinOne" is only used in test files but is not part of test files
embedding.go:40:23: identifier "MixinOneMethod" is only used in test files but is not part of test files
embedding.go:45:6: identifier "MixinTwo" is only used in test files but is not part of test files
embedding.go:50:23: identifier "MixinTwoMethod" is only used in test files but is not part of test files
embedding.go:55:6: identifier "ComplexEmbedding" is only used in test files but is not part of test files
embedding.go:63:21: identifier "OwnMethod" is only used in test files but is not part of test files
interfaces.go:6:6: identifier "Reader" is only used in test files but is not part of test files
interfaces.go:11:6: identifier "Writer" is only used in test files but is not part of test files
interfaces.go:16:6: identifier "Closer" is only used in test files but is not part of test files
interfaces.go:21:6: identifier "ReadWriter" is only used in test files but is not part of test files
interfaces.go:27:6: identifier "ReadWriteCloser" is only used in test files but is not part of test files
interfaces.go:34:6: identifier "CustomReader" is only used in test files but is not part of test files
interfaces.go:40:14: identifier "Read" is only used in test files but is not part of test files
interfaces.go:50:6: identifier "CustomWriter" is only used in test files but is not part of test files
interfaces.go:55:15: identifier "Write" is only used in test files but is not part of test files
interfaces.go:61:6: identifier "CustomReadWriter" is only used in test files but is not part of test files
interfaces.go:67:6: identifier "FullImplementation" is only used in test files but is not part of test files
interfaces.go:72:15: identifier "Close" is only used in test files but is not part of test files
interfaces.go:77:6: identifier "Process" is only used in test files but is not part of test files
interfaces.go:89:6: identifier "ProcessAndClose" is only used in test files but is not part of test files
registry.go:9:6: identifier "Handler" is only used in test files but is not part of test files
registry.go:13:5: identifier "Registry" is only used in test files but is not part of test files
registry.go:20:6: identifier "RegisterHandler" is only used in test files but is not part of test files
registry.go:27:6: identifier "GetHandler" is only used in test files but is not part of test files
registry.go:38:6: identifier "StringHandler" is only used in test files but is not part of test files
registry.go:47:6: identifier "IntHandler" is only used in test files but is not part of test files
registry.go:56:6: identifier "ExecuteHandler" is only used in test files but is not part of test files
registry.go:66:6: identifier "Plugin" is only used in test files but is not part of test files
registry.go:73:6: identifier "RegisterPlugin" is only used in test files but is not part of test files
shadowing.go:4:5: identifier "GlobalVariable" is only used in test files but is not part of test files
shadowing.go:8:6: identifier "GlobalFunction" is only used in test files but is not part of test files
shadowing.go:13:6: identifier "GlobalType" is only used in test files but is not part of test files
shadowing.go:18:22: identifier "GlobalMethod" is only used in test files but is not part of test files
shadowing.go:23:6: identifier "ShadowingContainer" is only used in test files but is not part of test files
shadowing.go:33:6: identifier "ShadowingFunction" is only used in test files but is not part of test files
shadowing.go:53:6: identifier "NestedShadowing" is only used in test files but is not part of test files
shadowing.go:76:6: identifier "NotShadowed" is only used in test files but is not part of test files